docs: rai simbench docs update (#665)
RobotecAI/rai: docs/simulation_and_benchmarking/rai_bench.md

You can find predefined scene configs in `rai_bench/manipulation_o3de/predefined/configs/`.

> Predefined scenarios can be imported like, chosing tasks by difficulty:

Reviewer: typo here,
```suggestion
Predefined scenarios can be imported, for example, choosing tasks by difficulty:
```

Author: done
